welcome to slash forward we're going to
return to our important work
investigating hyper regeneration in
humans
in this case with the 1981 film absurd
if you'd like to complete your
certification in this
important and expanding scientific field
subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we opened a large man
running being chased by a smaller man in
a trench coat who also appears to be
suffering from occasional heart
palpitations
as they both lumber and run through the
darkness the scenes are intercut with
some expert level spirography being
executed by the young injured katya
although her obsession disturbs her
mother who would prefer she take on a
wider variety of hobbies to keep her
mind sharp and she's come to this
conclusion on mostly ethical grounds
you just keep doing the same design over
and over again
it's not right outside the man nearly
scales their security fence but gets his
ankles tugged by his pursuer dragging
him down the spike
this gets the dogs barking which prompts
young willy to go check on them and he
opens the door to discover they now have
some fresh sausage to go with their
morning breakfast
the man is rushed to the hospital where
the doctors carefully attempt to
reconfigure his intestines
by constantly swapping out the forceps
this drags on a bit too long
resulting in him waking up on the table
and requiring them to top off his
anesthetics
meanwhile out in town we see a hardcore
gang of cycle boys harassing an old
drunkard
they're run off by sergeant engelmann
who comes with a warning for old
shaughnessy
if i catch you drunk just once more i'm
gonna have to lock you up
well what about now but we're forced to
put off our resolution
to this conflict as he gets a call to
head into the hospital to question the
victim of the morning's violence
even though we circle back to find that
he's still deep in his surgery
they continue to pick away his insides
as things become touch and go for a
while but he
makes it through a fact the doctor finds
disappointing
as he notes the patient's incredible
recuperative abilities it's like he
doesn't even need the poor doctor at all
we find engelman at the bennett
household questioning mrs bennett about
how shocked and grossed out she was when
the man appeared at her door
she agrees that she was both shocked and
grossed out to a significant degree
but can't add much more on their way
back to the hospital they conveniently
roll up on the trench coat man taking a
night walk they pull off to harass him a
bit and ask him for id
luckily he happens to be taking a walk
with his passport now that he's been
identified angleman acts like he knows
him inviting him into the cruiser to
help get him to his destination
the sergeant then appears at the
hospital where he searches the man's
clothes for any clues but comes up empty
and emily bids them a good evening as
she heads off to the bennett residence
engelman then scores a break there are
greek coins in the pocket which matches
the nation of origin of the man he
picked up earlier but dropped off
elsewhere
now he really wants to question the guy
but the doctor's orders are no questions
until the morning so instead he asks the
nurse for some info starting with what
the dude even looks like
he's huge not my type at all
very good i'll just make note of that my
official investigative notebook so i
don't forget later
after he leaves they check in on the
patient making note of how incredibly
good he is at recovering from physical
trauma why
he even opens up his eyes at just the
time the greek fellow arrives at the
window
this enrages him and he struggles to get
up to avenge himself
but luckily his core is still shredded
from the surgery so they're able to hold
him down and after the man is escorted
away at gunpoint he begins to calm down
a bit
this is a turn of good luck as when we
check back in with engelman he's in the
process of looking for the man he
dropped off earlier only to get a report
that they have him in custody
at the hospital so he heads right back
there and immediately begins his
interrogation he goes in hard with an
aggressive approach hoping to squeeze
info from the suspect through sheer
force of will while back in the recovery
room the nurse finds the patient awake
again
causing her to freeze up in sheer terror
unable to react as he slowly ties her up
carefully selects a nearby dremel
figures out how to get it going and then
bores it
slowly into her temple the noise from
the struggle alerts them in the
interrogation room but they arrive
only to find the bloody aftermath their
new suspect is now lurking around town
keep into the shadows to evade police
since they now have a more pressing
suspect to investigate and the original
suspect's only crime was
injuring this other guy who committed an
even worse crime they realigned their
focus
cooperative now that the heat's off him
trench coat shares that the man they're
pursuing is named mikos
and that there's an unseen layer of
reality at play here but only dr kramer
can truly convince
them they all take a field trip to check
in with the doctor who's reviewing the
tests he ran on the patient earlier he
reveals to them
fantastic evidence that is
scientifically inexplicable
mikos is immortal capable of
regenerating dead cells which makes him
immune to physical injury
engelman gets a call that provides more
key information that we never hear and
it's then revealed the man
is actually the father shocking and
important information
somehow now fully apprised of the what
bengalman insists on finding out the why
so they can try to get ahead of the
situation and that's simple mikos is a
master of regeneration but still
imperfect in that he is insane and he
kills to fulfill the lust of his
insanity
the father then reveals that the one
type of cell mikos can't regenerate
is cerebral tissue so if they take out
his brain he gon
die good info but it does seem a bit
untoward for a man of the law to be
leading a murder party through town
but perhaps not as we catch up with
mikos still lurking in the shadows
always looking for another victim he
checks a seemingly abandoned industrial
building that luckily still contains the
night janitor cleaning up for the
evening
he makes a go of it but this old salt is
both wily and agile and even goes to
work strapped up
unfortunately while his shots do find
purchase they are ineffectual
as his attacker shrugs him off and slams
him onto the meat table where he very
slowly
and carefully bifurcates his head until
rendering the man dead
but no further i mean he's not a sicko
back at the station engelman's running
out of options he can't get more men
because the chief is busy watching the
big game
rams versus steelers and interrupting
him even for an emergency would be a
career limiting move
so the trio is left to bring miko's in
on their own they deputize the priests
and even give him a car so they can
spread out in multiple directions
then we catch back up with miko's who's
wandering the dark streets of the small
town he pulls back for cover when the
cycle boys come ripping through looking
for trouble and again
after they pull a yui nearby and head
the other way but the last one has some
trouble and is left behind a tinker with
his motor he's nearly killed by a
passing motorist who tears through and
buzzes them both
and then is killed to completion by
mikos who takes out his anger over the
hit-and-run driver on the young scumbag
the reckless motorist arrives home and
tries to walk in like nothing happened
and we learned this is ian bennett young
willy's father he's disturbed to hear
the news of the day
added on top of what just happened on
the road but he's really mostly
concerned about ensuring they maintain
their social schedule
so he goes to the study to calm himself
and engage in little pre-gaming before
they head to the fosters to check out
their football game
carol unsettled about how the day is
unfolded tries to convince him they
could just watch at home
however ian points out the foster's just
got a 19-inch roto-dial mitsubishi and
there's no way he's going to watch his
rams on their crappy old zenith
meanwhile we see the men are out
searching the area listening to some
slow jazz
[Music]
then the bennetts say goodbye heading to
their game date and leaving
irresponsible peggy in charge until
emily gets there
we check in on emily who's taking the
scenic route which can be treacherous
not only for lack of sure footing but
also for a strong presence of startling
old drunkards
shaunicy you dumb [ __ ] at the forests
we see that everyone has arrived and
immediately splits off to fulfill their
respective roles the men watching the
kickoff and their traditional game day
suits
optimized for observing american
football while everyone is going about
their business mikos happens to lurk
upon the culprit from his earlier scare
providing him a target for the evening's
activities inside the house peggy drags
willy off to bed
and tries to convince him to stay down
with stories of the boogeyman
she then goes to check on the dog and
steps outside she cries desperately as
blitz just
slowly veers away from her only
afterwards does she choose to do a slow
scan of her surroundings
and ends up taking a pickaxe through the
face the police are just barely keeping
up with the murders about town at the
moment that emily makes it to the
bennett residence
she gets pranked by willy who we come to
realize likely suffers from an
undiagnosed personality disorder but
finds the home
otherwise quiet just to keep up with all
the threads of the story the adults are
enjoying their traditional game day
spaghetti
an easy and tasty treat for any football
fan emily then tends to catch ya
and sends willy off to watch the game
then she gets a call at the house from
dr kramer who informs her of the murder
at the hospital he lets her know about
the spree killings and the special
powers of the culprit along with his one
weakness
just in case he recommends she bed down
at the bennetts for the evening
meanwhile willy is drawn away from the
tv by a banging noise
he assumes it to be the dog and calls
out before much like his sister peggy he
also decides to do a quick check of his
surroundings
he manages to get away somehow but
thanks to peggy's immature prior
attempts to control his body via fairy
tale he bursts in shouting about the
boogeyman preventing anyone from taking
him seriously despite the fact that he
should clearly recognize this as the man
from this morning he allows emily to go
out and check on her own
she doesn't find anything but as she
reports this back to willy the lights go
out
seeing that the kids are likely going to
bed now mrs bennett can finally relax
giving her the wherewithal to check in
with mr bennett on what's been eating at
him all evening
nothing other than running over a man
today
and not stopping to help him good lord
back at the house emily goes to check on
the breakers and finds peggy was already
taking care of it
she immediately attempts to call the
police but the phone's broken failing
that she instructs willie to go outside
and run but he doesn't want to go
it's spooky so he meets her halfway by
going outside and then walking off
slowly when he's ready
not because she told him emily makes her
way back to katya's room and does her
best to convince her to sit tight and
not be frightened but soon there is a
large man at the door who wants to
murder them both
as they work to hold him off willie
makes his way around the house and comes
in through the back window when he
starts calling out for them it draws
mikos away from the door
quickly converting from turtle to
panther emily grabs some scissors and
ventures out to save him the willy
basically uses her as bait so he can
circle back to katya who he
asks to let him in the room despite
knowing that she's strapped down to a
traction machine
mikko's spent some time trying to get
emily into the oven as caccia works to
disconnect herself from the machine
it takes a good amount of time as there
are many leather straps and willy
yells and pounds on the door all the
while emily blisters and slowly succumbs
to the roasting which is exactly what
i'd envision burning alive to be like
after banging her head around a few
final times it ends for her
willy witnesses this and decides to dip
out the same way he came in and then
he's saved when emily gets her second
wind
she misses the brain however and so her
scissors are returned to her via the
jugular
meanwhile the bennetts are busy
discussing ian's hit and run when they
see the lights are back on at the house
and they suspect that something is up
catchy finally frees herself from her
bonds and is now able to go anywhere
they have suspended rings for her to
grab onto
unfortunately the noise from her
contraption falling attracts the
monster's attention so when she goes to
leave he comes for her
luckily her spirography was handy in
that she uses the compass to create some
distance before giving him a three
stooges special which he fails to block
since he now has to regenerate two
entire eyeballs he has no choice but to
feel around in the dark for a while
so katya cranks up the high fidelity and
slips out under cover of noise
she stays just ahead of him eventually
trapping herself in a dead end
and it's only his tremendous height that
saves her from being found
after he lumbers off it is she who is
chasing him
elsewhere in town the father comes upon
young willy in a car
and willie leads him back to the house
right as mikos gets his hands on katya
who for some reason attempted to escape
by creeping as close to him as possible
he uses her as a weapon and then the two
men struggle to their knees putting
miko's at a very convenient height
and with the decorative axe lying around
katya's mission is clear and she whacks
away at the big man's neck repeatedly in
an attempt to free it from his shoulders
right then everyone else also arrives at
the house and wonders the best way to
proceed safely
luckily the decision is made for them
when katya emerges triumphantly covered
in the blood of her enemies
see i have a website set up where you
can support the channel through
donations or
merge i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of headshots
is joe d'amato's follow-up to
anthropophagis and while i feel like
they ramped up certain aspects of the
film
it didn't totally blow me away when you
have to skip around constantly to carry
on all the various threads of a
convoluted plot
as well as splicing in enough game
footage to keep the footballers happy it
leaves less time for the stuff we all
came to see
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching